Can you tell me a joke?
What's the weather like today?
What time is it?
How are you doing today?
Tell me about the latest news.
Where is the nearest restaurant?
What is AI?
Who won the World Series last year?
How far is the moon from the Earth?
What's the tallest building in the world?
Who is the current president?
Tell me about the history of computers.
How does a refrigerator work?
Who wrote 'To Kill a Mockingbird'?
What's the capital of Australia?
What's the square root of 64?
When was the Declaration of Independence signed?
What is the meaning of life?
Can you recite a poem?
Who invented the telephone?
What is the population of New York City?
What are the seven wonders of the world?
What's the fastest land animal?
Who was Albert Einstein?
What's the recipe for a margarita?
Who is the richest person in the world?
How many languages are there in the world?
What is the speed of light?
What's the current stock price of Microsoft?
What's the highest grossing movie of all time?
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize this year?
What is photosynthesis?
What's the boiling point of water?
What is Bitcoin?
How does the internet work?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
What's the longest river in the world?
Who was the first person to climb Mount Everest?
Who is the author of the Harry Potter series?
What's the most spoken language in the world?
What's the difference between a crocodile and an alligator?
What's the lifespan of a turtle?
What is quantum physics?
Who was Martin Luther King Jr.?
What's the national bird of the United States?
Who discovered America?
What is global warming?
What's the biggest country in the world?
What's the smallest country in the world?
Who is Elon Musk?
How does a car engine work?
What's the meaning of Deja vu?
What is the Pythagorean theorem?
What's the currency of Japan?
What's the periodic table of elements?
Who was William Shakespeare?
What's the tallest mountain in the world?
What's the distance between Los Angeles and New York?
What is the theory of relativity?
What's the human body's average temperature?
What's the biggest animal in the world?
Who was the first person to go to space?
What's the main ingredient in chocolate?
What's the average lifespan of a cat?
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
What's the population of China?
What's the difference between a comet and an asteroid?
What is philosophy?
What is democracy?
What's the difference between a virus and a bacteria?
What is yoga?
Who invented the light bulb?
What's the meaning of a black hole?
What's the difference between psychology and psychiatry?
What is archaeology?
Who was Charles Darwin?
What's the largest ocean in the world?
What's the meaning of a rainbow?
What is sociology?
Who was Isaac Newton?
What are the different types of clouds?
What's the difference between a typhoon and a hurricane?
What's the tallest tree in the world?
Who was the first woman to fly across the Atlantic Ocean?
What's the largest desert in the world?
What's the distance from Earth to Mars?
Who was Galileo Galilei?
What's the population of Europe?
What's the fastest sea animal?
Who is the current Secretary-General of the United Nations?
What's the hottest planet in the solar system?
What's the coldest place on Earth?
What's the difference between a lake and a pond?
What is the capital of Canada?
Who invented the internet?
What's the deepest point in the ocean?
What is the tallest waterfall in the world?
Who was Leonardo da Vinci?
What's the longest day of the year?
Who is the Queen of England?